Abu Bah

Full Stack Web Developer

Fair Lawn, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abu-Bah/375bbc630a04be46

Highly focused and driven individual, always seeking out developing trends and technologies. I love what I
do and sometimes it feels as if I've never worked a day in my life - true story. Writing code, like poetry, is an
art form and I really enjoy it.

Currently I work as a full stack web developer, leveraging open source technologies to create and maintain
flexible,  scalable,  and  reliable  web  applications  reaching  millions  of  users  per  year.  I  work  on  front-end
applications  utilizing  core  web  technologies  (HTML,  JavaScript,  CSS)  as  well  as  back-end  design  and
implementation  (PHP,  ASP,  MySQL,  Apache)  -  producing  modular,  efficient  object-oriented  code.  I  have
foundational knowledge of C++, but have primarily focused on PHP-based web services and APIs. 

I possess the necessary skills to approach nearly any situation with the confidence and knowledge to get the
job done, on time and on budget.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
Diversified Media Group  -  Kenilworth, NJ - May 2017 to Present

Lead Web Developer
Brimar Industries, Inc.  -  Garfield, NJ - February 2015 to May 2017

A manufacturer of safety signs, pipe markers, and mailing tabs, Brimar Industries is a leading provider of a
large variety of products. Founded over 25 years ago as a manufacturer of pipe markers, Brimar has now
grown into a foremost source of street signs, valve tags, parking signs, and mailing tabs.

As the Lead Web Developer, I am responsible for the development and maintenance of multiple high-traffic,
customer-facing sites, as well as our internal sites and software. I supervise our team of developers from
project start through completion. In addition, we leverage open-source technologies to strive for highly efficient,
fault tolerant, and scalable systems.

- Managed team of frontend and backend developers.
- Designed and developed custom MVC framework to manage public web sites.
- Created RESTful API to deliver site content.
- Technologies: PHP, Javascript, MySQL, Git, Node.js
- Agile, JIRA

Web & Mobile App Developer
Yapster  -  New York, NY - June 2014 to February 2015

Yapster is an audio social network that focuses on content such as news, sports, radio shows, fashion, food,
friends, family and much more in 40 second clips.

- Developed and maintained the Yapster iOS app - similar to the Twitter app - but with audio recordings as the
medium through which users communicate with one another. 

- Technologies: Objective-C, Xcode IDE, Python, MySQL, Amazon Web Services

Web Manager
Tradical 360  -  New York, NY - October 2013 to June 2014

Tradical  360  are  a  social  media  marketing  company  located  in  the  heart  of  New  York  City  for  consumer
branding, design, or SEO needs.

- Developed and maintained several client e-commerce CMS websites. 
- Managed marketing campaigns and SEO – driving site traffic up by over 200%. 
- Technologies: PHP, WordPress, JavaScript, MySQL, Drupal, Magento

Web Developer
GAL-Inc.  -  Fair Lawn, NJ - January 2013 to October 2013

G.A.L.  Inc.  is  a  website  development  and  internet  marketing  company  that  has  been  helping  businesses
increase their bottom line since 2001. They custom tailor each project to the client's business needs. They
understand  their  client's  proposition  as  well  as  their  target  audience,  implement  their  internet  marketing
experience and expertise to provide lucrative digital marketing solutions for brands.

- Developed/designed websites using HTML5 & CSS3, JavaScript and Classic ASP. 
- Created custom Content Management Systems (CMS). 
- Developed custom shopping carts for e-commerce. 
- Created and managed several databases for clients. 
- Technologies: ASP, MySQL, FileZilla, JavaScript

EDUCATION

Associate in Computer Science (Incomplete)
Passaic County Community College  -  Paterson, NJ
September 2011 to September 2015

SKILLS

JavaScript, PHP, MySQL, Git, Web Development, jQuery, JSON, HTML, CSS, Object Oriented Design,
Web Applications, HTML 5, Linux, CentOS, LAMP, Servers, AJAX, OS X, Apache, MariaDB, Vim, Computer
Hardware, Website Development, Web Services API, Database Design, FTP, Shell Scripting, SEO,
XHTML, RESTful WebServices, E-commerce, Custom CMS Development, Agile Web Development, Local
Development Frameworks, C++, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) (4 years)

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/abu-bah-b038b7b4/

