Adarsh Ghimire

E-mail

Phone

:

:

adarshghimire5@gmail.com

Website

:

+977 9843414291

Address

:

https://www.linkedin.com/in/adarsh-
ghimire-0a1a51a6/
Dhangadhi-04, Kailali
Nepal

Objective

Energetic, Hard-working and Passionate fourth year student of Electronics And Communication Engineering(aggregate of
87.63%) at Kathmandu Engineering College, Tribhuwan University.  I desire to gain quality experience in softwares that will
allow me to take gain full advantage of my degree. In addition, I am eager to learn and contribute my creativity and hard
work towards the success of your company and to the growth of fast developing field software.

Profile

Completed Internship of two weeks at Nepal Telecom
Well developed project management and IT skills combined with flexible attitude to work
Strong organizational skills in a variety of situations to achieve deadlines
Have initiative and can work independently or as a part of team
Adaptable and quick to learn new skills

Work experience
Nepal Telecom
Internship
Completed two week internship on Backbone Network Operation Center(NOC)

16 January 2017 — 1 February 2018

Internship included learning platform on:

General setup and operation of OTNM2000 for fiber home employed by Nepal Telecom
Optical Fiber Communication System put in service by Nepal Telecom
Microwave Communication system used by Nepal Telecom
Cloud Computing and future prospects to be employed by Nepal Telecom
Router and Switches  used in Nepal Telecom
Base Transceiver Station

Qualification

Final year student of Bachelor of Electronics and Communication Engineering.

Education

Adarsh Ghimire

1

2014 — 2018

Bachelor in Electronics And
Communication Engineering
Kathmandu Engineering College, Tribhuwan University
First year: 

I semester: 85.24% (Batch Topper/ Scholarship Holder)
II semester: 89.54% (University Topper/Scholarship Holder)

Second Year:

III semester: 91.2% (University Topper/Scholarship Holder)
IV semester: 87.41% (Batch Topper/Scholarship Holder)

Third Year:

V semester: 83.5%(Top 5/ Scholarship holder)
VI semester: 88.9%(University Topper/Scholarship Holder)

Fourth Year:

VII semester: Result waiting

Higher Secondary Education
United Academy Higher Secondary School of Science, Management and Humanities

2012 — 2014

Completed Higher Secondary Education in "Physical Science" with Distinction in both years.

Secondary Education
Jyoti English Boarding High School

1999 — 2012

Completed the Secondary Education with 90.5% in year 2012 (Far-Western Development Region Topper).
Completed the Lower Secondary Education with 89% in year 2010 (Region topper).

Project
Minor Project:

Wireless Mobile Charging with Coin Insertion

The growth of the mobile phone is phenomenal in recent years and the need for charging the mobile battery is required
anytime and anywhere. Most of people are familiar with the wired charger used for charging phones but with growing
technology in the field of wireless communication, what’s missing from most of the people is visions of a futuristic utopia
are wires. We never see anyone fumbling with a wire to plug in a device. We’re not there yet, but wireless charging
technology is improving all the time. With this project we attempt to take a small step towards making a wireless charger
on coin insertion.

"Idea Hunt" IT Meet 2018, Kathmandu University Computer Club

Livestock Supervision System

Cattle industry plays an important role in Nepal's economy, also, modern intensive farms makes the farmer totally
responsible for control of livestocks. So the system we are making measures the temperature, heart rate and tracks the
location of the livestock and send the corresponding data to the web page. The webpage we are making comprises of
access to veterinary and livestock owner so that they can know about the cattle condition and track the location of it.
Whenever the vet wants to send any recommendation(like medicines) to the owner for taking care of the livestock he can

Adarsh Ghimire

2

send the recommendation on web or through the use of GSM technology which we provide to vet. And the whenever the
location of livestock is needed by the owner, he can send the alert through his cell phone or the web then the
corresponding location of cattle is send directly sent to owner cell phone through the GPS and GSM technology which we
will be embedding in that system.

Awards and Honours

Winner of "Idea Hunt"  IT MEET 2018, Kathmandu University Computer Club(KUCC) on January 5th and 6th,
2018.

Certified by Japan International Cooperation Center for completion of "JENESYS 2016 SAARC 1st batch"
from Jan 16 to Jan 24, 2017

Honoured with Best Presentation (NEPAL) among all SAARC countries in JENESYS 2016 program by the
Pakistani Ambassador.

Selected by Nepal Government for "Training in Telecommunication" In Japan as a part of "JENESYS 2016"
First batch.

Appreciated for volunteering in OKRP(Office of Kathmandu Engineering College Research and
Publications) conference 2017.

 Third position in  Yantra(International Robotics Competition) "Manual Akhada" held on 30th of November
2016.

Third position in "ROBODRIFT 4.0" organized by Robotics Club of Kathmandu Engineering College on 30th
of July 2016.

 Outstanding participation in "International Yoga day" on 21st June, 2015 at Kathmandu Engineering
College.

Skills
CCNA,Python, JUPYTER notebook,MATLAB, Arduino Programming, C, C++, Drone making.

Ongoing learning:
CCNP

Involvement

1. Electronics Project Club of Kathmandu Engineering College
a). Made Drone for YANTRA RACER, YANTRA 6.0, Robotics Association of Nepal.

2. AI Developers Nepal 
a). Part of AI workshop

Adarsh Ghimire

3

Training

i) FPGA training at Kathmandu Engineering College

Interests
Educational:
i)   Research relating to Communication, Nanotechnology and IoT(Internet of Things).
ii)  Programming in python, matlab, c.
iii) Volunteering in Paper Conference.
Games:
1) Cricket:
Achievements:

Selected for District Level for Kailali.

Played for school in Inter-school Competition (U-15) and (U-19) and awarded "Man of the Match" and "Man of the
Series".

Trained at Kathmandu Cricket Training Center.

2) Volley Ball:
Achievements:

Played for National Level Volley Ball Competition from School.
Winner in Intra-school Volley Ball Competition. 

3) Table Tennis:
Achievements:

Winner of Intra-School Table-Tennis Competition single and doubles.

4) Football:
Achievement:

Played for School in Inter-school Football Competition.

References
Er. Ganesh Gautam.
Teacher
Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering, Kathmandu Engineering College
Email: ganesh@keckist.edu.np
Phone: +977 9851054980

Er. Nischal Guruwacharya
Teacher
Department of Electrical Engineering, Kathmandu Engineering College
Email: nischal207@keckist.edu.np
Phone:+977 9841316796

Er. Sagun Manandhar

Adarsh Ghimire

4

HOD
Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering, Kathmandu Engineering College
Email:sagun@keckist.edu.np

Adarsh Ghimire

5

