Anil​ ​Shah  

Kupondole, Lalitpur, Nepal 
+977-9813639146 
anilshah133@gmail.com 
 

Work Experience 

May 2015 to Oct 2018: SCADA Support Engineer 

Real Time Solutions, Dhobighat, Lalitpur 
Responsibilities:
Factory assembling and testing of equipment and sensors 
Installation of equipments 
Maintenance and site visit of stations 
Training interns in SCADA related fields.  

 

 

Education 

Nov ​2015 - Present

Sagarmatha College Of Science And Technology, IOST, TU (Bachelor) 
Sanepa, Lalitpur 
Computer Science and Information Technology (BSc CSIT) 
Running (4th year) 

Nov 2011​ - ​Oct​ ​2014 Western Region Campus, IOE, TU (Diploma) 

Lamachaur, Pokhara 
Diploma in electronics engineering 
Aggregate Percentage: 77.4% 

Viswa Niketan Higher Secondary School (SLC) 
Tripureshwor, Kathmandu 
Aggregate Percentage: 75.5% 

2011

 

Skills 

● Programming: Java, C ,C++ ; knowledge of MySQL and JDBC; knowledge of JavaFX; Knowledge 

of Spring MVC framework; Knowledge of HTML and CSS 

● Experienced in working with electronic devices 
● Knowledge of sensor operations and interfacing 

● Languages: 

English, Nepali, Hindi (full professional proficiency) 
Maithili, Bhojpuri (professional working proficiency) 

Professional Experience 

● Installed SCADA stations for Department of Hydrology and Meteorology (DHM), Nepal 
● Worked in projects related to atmosphere monitoring with International Centre for Integrated 

● Installed Meteorology stations for Regional Integrated Multi-Hazard Early Warning System 

Mountain Development (ICIMOD) 

(RIMES), Bangladesh 

● Visited Bhutan for maintenance of hydrology and meteorology stations installed under National 

Center for Hydrology and Meteorology (DHMS), Bhutan 

● Visited Bangladesh for maintenance of hydrology and meteorology stations installed under 

Bangladesh Water Development Board (BWDB), Bangladesh 

● Installed air quality monitoring stations for Department of Environment (DoEnv), Nepal 
● Involved in projects of flood early warning systems in Nepal 
● Worked with Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal (CAAN), Nepal for automatic weather station 

monitoring projects in different airports of Nepal  

 

Personal Projects 

● In-between game  (Java, JavaFx) 

Two random playing cards are generated initially. Player has to bid money for the third card. If the 
third randomly generated playing card value lies between the initial two cards then the player 
wins.  

● Login System (Java, Jdbc, Mysql, Javafx, File(excel)) 

This login system works by letting the user enter their username and password in login page. 
Login informations are stored in a table in database. If the user login information matches the 
information from database then login successful page is displayed. User can also register their 
informations. Registered informations are stored in database and excel file. 

● Football score prediction storage (Java, Javafx, Mysql) 

Keeps the record of score predicted by different people for a particular game.  
 

Reference 

Sujata Pujari 
Supervisor, HR Manager 
Real Time Solutions Pvt. Ltd. 
sujata.pujari@rts.com.np 

 
 

 

