 

ANUP 
DHAKAL 

Gwarko, Lalitpur 
9843768138 
anupdhakal2000@gmail.com 
exanup 
 

 
 
 
 

 

 

  ABOUT ME 

My main strengths include my confidence, diligence and my determination to always do my best. 
I have the ability to grasp concepts quickly. I have good experiences of working in various teams, 
leading and motivating team members and hence always trying to get the best out of everyone 
for maximum efficiency. I am well motivated and always prepared to get trained and learn further 
to benefit any organization I work for, as well as, to fulfill my very own potential. 

  EDUCATION 

B.E. Computer | Kantipur Engineering College (T.U.), Dhapakhel, Lalitpur 
2013 – 2016 (RESULTS AWAITING) 
Till now, aggregate score is around 65%, degree not achieved yet. 
Optional subjects I chose were Data Mining, Big Data, and XML. 
Minor project: Game development framework. My major contribution was the map editor for the 
framework developed in Python programming language. 
Major project: Titled: “Eloquent Fix On”. My major contribution on the project was a Python 
based web scrapper and a Laravel (PHP) based consumer faced web application. 

 
+2 Science | Shikshadeep H.S.S., Biratnagar, Morang 
2011 – 2012 
Aggregate score: 68% 

 
S.L.C. | Shikshadeep H.S.S., Biratnagar, Morang 
2001 – 2010 
Score in S.L.C.: 87% 

 

 

 

EXPERIENCE 

Sales Engineer (Business Support) | Microsoft Operations Pte. Ltd., Kathmandu 
FEB 2017 – JAN 2018 
 

Following were some of the responsibilities that I undertook:  

 
• Basically “look after” all the operations of Microsoft in Nepal and Bhutan under the mentorship 
of Mr. Deependra Bajracharya (Business Development) 
• Pre-sales technical support; sales engineer 
• Design highly scalable and efficient, yet secure and private enterprise cloud based solutions on 

Microsoft Azure and on-premises Microsoft platform 
• Licensing and legalization of Microsoft products 

 

C.T.O. | Technorio Inc. Pvt. Ltd., Kathmandu 
JAN 2016 – DEC 2016 
 
Following were some of the tasks that fell under my scope in the then startup organization as the 
"self-proclaimed", if you will :) , C.T.O.: 
 
• Take decisions regarding the technologies the company needed to adapt to, to modern needs 
and demands, and hence drive the organization towards its vision 
• Take informed decision based on the current resources in the company, hence compromising 
to find the balance between "the best" and "the cheapest" and, as a result, determine "the most 
feasible" options for the organization  
• Full-stack development of web based applications and REST APIs 
• Design and optimize the database in MySQL, MariaDB and PostgreSQL 
• “Doing things right vs. doing right things!” - Verification and validation against the requirements 

  SKILLS 

•  Problem Solving by Critical Thinking 
•  Requirement Analysis 
•  Cloud Computing – SaaS 

 

  OTHER ACTIVITIES 

•  Python 
• 
• 

JavaScript 
Laravel 

I love teaching. As one of my teaching experiences, I have provided Python core programming 
training as a trainer in Everest Engineering and Management College, Buddhanagar, for final year 
students. 

Also, I have recently been to Hetauda City College (B.I.T.), Hetauda, as a guest speaker for a 
workshop on “Project Management”; my contribution being on topics related to importance of 
project management and how-to’s of handling a project elegantly and efficiently. 

I love watching football. I follow Manchester City F.C. and I absolutely adore Pep Guardiola and 
his philosophy for the game. FIFA and Minecraft are my favourite games. I like to stay fit and hit 
the gym regularly. 

2 

