                             CURRICULAM VITAE 

                                                                           Email: aruntamang3791@gmail.com 

                             Mobile No: 9813896481                  

Name: Arun Tamang                                          

 
 
 

 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 
 
To  obtain  a  challenging  and  rewarding  position  in  a  dynamic  organization  that  offers  professional  growth, 
where my education and skills will be fully utilized in achieving the company goals and to establish a niche 
for myself in the dynamic organizational environment through  hard  work and performance and constantly 
harmonize my knowledge and efforts with the organizational objectives. 

 

 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 

  Self-directed  and  motivated  undergraduate  in  Electronics  and  Communication  Engineering  who 

works effectively in a dynamic environment. Fluent in Python, Java and C++. 

  Self-starter, Quick learner. 

 

Excellent communication and inter-personal skills. 

 

 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 

 

  2073  B.S:  Pulchowk  Engineering  Campus  (Pulchowk,  Lalitpur),  Electronics  and  Communication, 

Undergraduate 

  2068 B.S: St. Xavier’s College (Maitighar, Kathmandu), +2 (Science), 81.1% 
  2067 B.S: Gaurishankar Higher Secondary School (Imadol, Lalitpur), S.L.C, 85.63%  

 
 
SKILLS 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

  Python   
 
Java 
  C++ 
  HTML5 
  CSS 
  PostgreSQL 
  Basic  JavaScript 

 

 

 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
 
 
1. Minor Project: 
 
Title: Speech-Controlled Car  
Team Size: 4 members 
 
Description: 
This car runs on commands from user by processing voice commands of the user. It decides to make a turn 
or stop by processing speech from the user. The software uses LSTMs(Long Short Term Memory) which is a 
recurrent neural network architecture. The program was coded in python and the PyBrain library was used 
to create the neural network. 
2. Major Project: 
 

Title: Autonomous Vehicle Using Machine Learning and Image Processing 
Team Size: 4 members 
 
Description: 
This vehicle utilizes neural networks and image processing techniques to drive itself without any user input. 
The sensors used were picamera and ultrasonic sensors. The software was coded in python and utilized 
OpenCV library for traffic sign recognition and a neural network architecture made with numpy arrays for 
road-lane detection and classification. 
 
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
 
Date of Birth: 1996 February 13 
Nationality: Nepali 
Gender: Male 
Marital Status: Single 
Language Known: English, Hindi, Nepali 
Temporary Address: Imadol-04, Lalitpur, Nepal  
Permanent Address:  Ragani-06, Okhaldhunga 
 
 
DECLARATION: I hereby certify that the information filled by me on this portal is correct to the best of my 
                                       knowledge and belief. I also agree to abide by the above declaration. 
 
 
 

