Curriculum Vitae 

 

Ashin Shakya 

E-mail   : ashins1997@gmail.com 

Mobile : 9803237037 

Personal Statement 

Presently,  I  am  an  undergraduate  student  studying  Computer  Engineer  at  Tribhuvan 
University attending my final year. I’ve learned many things up till now and the most crucial 
of  all  is  being  self-motivated.  I  am  a  self-motivated  type  of  person  who  likes  to  explore 
myself  and  realize  my  own  potential  skills.  Enhancing  my  skills  is  what  I  tend to  focus  on. 
Being able to overcome obstacle and challenge the challenges is what I like  to do. Most of 
all, I like to learn and develop new things.  

Objectives 

To be associated with a progressive organization which can provide me with a dynamic work 
sphere  to  extract  my  inherent  skills  as  a  Professional,  use  and  develop  my  aptitude  to 
further the organization’s objectives and also attain my career targets in the progress. 

Educational Qualifications 

 
 

2014 - Present  
 
 
 
 
 
2012 – 2014 
 
 
2000 – 2012 
 
 
Interests  

 

 

 
 

 
 

Bachelor in Computer Engineering 
Advanced College of Engineering and Management 
Kupondole, Lalitpur 

Kathmandu Model College 
Baagbazar, Kathmandu  

Wilson Academy 
Bafal, Kathmandu 

Hiking, Travelling, Watching movies, Sports, Listening Music 

Training 

  Completed 4 months training on Office Management System from ORAL 

computer Institute 

  Completed Three months Training on Developing Applications with MySQL 

and PHP from NIIT Institute 
 
 

Skills 

Computer Languages 

C, C++, Java, HTML, CSS, MySQL and PHP 

Academic Projects 

 

Mini Project     : Salary Calculation System based on C++, Digital and Analog animated clock  
 
 
Minor Project  : Application for Colleges providing daily updates for teachers and students 

   based on C, Running LED light project as Electronic project 

based on Android Java, MySQL database and Firebase database 
 

 

Major Project  : Application for Blind People to help them in navigation and assist them 
 
 
Volunteer Work 

   to recognize objects. 

  Volunteered in a fete program by managing stalls. 
  Volunteered in IT Futsal Tournament. 

