 

Ashim Regmi 

EXPERIENCE 

Agricultural Dev. Bank Ltd., ​Ramshah Path — ​Intern 
OCTOBER 2016 - JANUARY 2017 
 
Built a project named FinAnalyzer which helps to filter out internal
fraudulent transaction from a number of transaction occurring daily.
 
Also, it has a provision of matching bank’s customer list with
 
sanctions generated by Nepal Government. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deerwalk Services Pvt. Ltd., ​Siphal — ​Intern 

 

 

NOVEMBER 2013 - NOVEMBER 2015 
 
Building test cases in JUnit, writing hadoop map-reduce jobs in
 
 
Cascading framework, writing Elasticsearch queries to index and
search documents, integration and maintenance of MySQL databases
 
with existing hadoop framework. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

EDUCATION 

Deerwalk Institute of Technology, ​Siphal — ​B.Sc. CSIT 

2012 - PRESENT 

Arniko Awasiya H.S.S., ​Biratnagar — ​+2 Science 
2010 - 2012 
 
WORKSHOPS 

Chabahil, Kathmandu 
ashim.regmee@gmail.com 
ashim.regmi@deerwalk.edu.np 
aregmee.github.io 
github.com/aregmee 

SKILLS 
Java / Grails 

Maven / Gradle 

Git 

JUnit 

MySQL 

HTML / CSS / JavaScript / JQuery 

BigData (Hadoop and 
ElasticSearch) 

AWARDS 

Winner of Winners ​in 
‘Deercoders’, a coding 
competition organized by 
Software Club of DWIT. 

BigData​— ​Deerwalk Institute of Technology 
2015 
Learned what BigData is and how distributed computing tools like Apache Hadoop and ElasticSearch can be 
used to process it. 

Android Application Development​— ​Deerwalk Institute of Technology 
2015 
Learned native android app development using Java and Android Studio. 

 

 

 

PROJECTS 

Nepali Spellchecker ​— ​Deerwalk Institute of Technology 

MAY 2016 - AUGUST 2016 
Together with a team of six members, developed an online nepali spell checker where users can write in 
Nepali and have real-time highlighting and suggestions for incorrect words. Also, developed a pipeline 
which regularly crawls and scraps nepali news site to gather and build an up-to-date dictionary in 
Elasticsearch. 
 
Technologies used: Java, Grails, Elasticsearch, CKEditor and JQuery 

Darpan - The Personal Profiler ​— ​Deerwalk Institute of Technology 

JANUARY 2016 - MAY 2016 
Worked with a team of four members to develop a web application for maintaining profile records of all 
students in the college. The profile of a student contains internal and board exam results, attendance, club 
participations and awards. This application is currently being used by nearly 200 users in the college. 
 
Technologies used: Grails, MySQL, Bootstrap for CSS and JQuery 

GyanSangalo - The Library Management System ​— ​Deerwalk Institute of Technology 

NOVEMBER 2015 - JUNE 2016 
Developed a web application for tracking and booking magazines and books available in the college library. 
It is being used by nearly 200 users in the college. 
 
Technologies used: Grails, MySQL, Bootstrap for CSS and JQuery 

Merohostel.com ​— ​Drishtanta Technologies Pvt. Ltd. 

DECEMBER 2014 - MARCH 2016 
Developed a web application and an android application for listing, updating and reviewing the hostels 
available in Kathmandu. This application is mainly focused for students who come to the Kathmandu valley 
for higher studies and looking for a place to stay. There are about 10 hostels listed as premium partners. This 
application has managed to facilitate more than 500 students looking for hostels. 
 
Technologies used: PHP, Java, MySQL, Bootstrap for CSS and JQuery 

