 
  Ayush Shrestha 

 

 

 

      DOB:   7 - December - 1992 

 GitHub:    github.com/PolyMorpher01 

                  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA), Pokhara University, Nepal 
Final Grade: 3.93/4 
Major Subjects Studied: C Programming, Object Oriented    
Programming, Software Engineering, Data Structures, Intro to Java  
Programming, Web Technologies, Intro to Linux/UNIX, Intro to Mobile 
Application Development 
Year of Completion: 2017 

PERSONAL DATA 
 
 
             Phone:   +977- 9841410034 
          Address:   Tahachal, Kathmandu, Nepal 
              Email:    ayushshta@gmail.com 
 
 
 
EDUCATION 
 
           Graduation    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Senior Secondary   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROJECTS 
 
Final Year Major Project 
Project Title: Library Management System 
 
Language Used: C#.NET 
Description: The Library Management System is an application for assisting a librarian in 
managing a book library in an academic library. It allows two access methods – Admin access and 
Librarian access. Admin access can manage user, student, and staff entries. Whereas, Librarian 

HSEB, Caribbean H.S. School, Lalitpur, Nepal 
Final Grade: 6.3/10 
Major Subject Studied: Science 

Mid-Western Regional Police Boarding High School, Dang, Nepal 
Final Grade: 8.1/10 

 
 

 
 

Secondary 
 

 

 
 

access can manage books entries, and issuing of books. Report module is also included in the 
System. Both the admin and librarian is able to generate different kinds of reports like lists of 
students registered, list of books, issue and return reports. 
 
 
Minor Project 
Project Title: Bank Information System 
  
Language Used: VB.NET 
Description: The computerized bank information system is software developed in VB.NET 
programming language which is designed to handle the basic operations in a bank for maintaining 
a person’s account. This project has been developed to carry out the processes easily and quickly, 
which is not possible with manual systems. It allows two access methods – Admin access and 
Staff access. 
 
 
Currently Working Project 
Project: A website based on ASP.Net Web API that is used to handle different types of CRUD 
operations. 
 
Languages Used: ASP.NET, Knockout JS, HTML, CSS 
Description: Working as a developer whose responsibilities include creating web APIs, creating 
controllers, models, and views for different pages, and writing JS scripts with KnockoutJS 
framework. 
 
 
Work Experience 
 
Junior Software Developer (January 2018 – Present) 
Divya Technologies Pvt. Ltd.,Teku, Kathmandu 

  Created Web APIs using ASP.Net 
  Created controllers, models, and views for different pages 
  Wrote JS scripts with KnockoutJS framework 
  Participated in meetings and discussions through different stages of the project 

development process 
 
 

Skills 
 
Basic knowledge of OOP concepts, C#, JavaScript, KnockoutJS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, PHP, 
Java, Android development. 

Honors and Awards 
 

  OCEM Gold Medal for securing University 1st position in Bachelors of Computer Application 

(BCA) of the Batch (2013-2017). 

 
REFERENCES 
 
Will be furnished upon request. 

