 
Personal Information: 
 
Name: Hari Upreti 
 
Current Address: Maitidevi, Kathmandu 
 
Home Town: Jhapa, Nepal 
 
Cell No.: +977-9817926015 
 
Email Address: hariupreti679@gmail.com 
 
Date-of-Birth: 12-03-1996 
 
Nationality: Nepalese 
 

 
Career Objective: 
 
The primary goal behind my internship is to become an accomplished Computer Programmer with 

sound Knowledge on multiple programming languages so that I can create efficient and effective 

web applications with a team in the future. I hope to learn from my superiors and seniors so that I 

can gain real-time knowledge in the workplace. I also hope to increase my knowledge base so that I 

can contribute in your company as a professional. 

 
 
Personal Strength: 

  Communication skills 
  Eager and Willing to add Knowledge and Skills. 
  Ability to Work in Harmony with Co-Workers 
  Determination and Persistence 

 
 
 
Educational Qualification: 
 
Nobel College, Sinamangal Kathmandu  
2013 – Present, Bachelors of Computer Information Systems  
 
Gomendra Multiple College, Jhapa Nepal  
HSEB 2010 – 2012, Management with Computer Science along with major mathematics, 
Passed with the 58%. 
 
 
GyanJyoti Higher Secondary School, Jhapa Nepal 
School Leaving Certificate 2010, Passed with the First Division. 
 

 
Hobbies & Interests: 
 
I have a keen interest in reading books relating to technology. I also have passion in 
computer programming. My hobbies are playing cricket and chess, reading newspaper, 
watching movies like documentaries and biographies, listening to music. 
 
 
Key Technical Skills: 
 
Core Java, JSP, Servlets, Data Structures, JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, JQuery, 
XML, PHP, C, MySQL & PDO. 
 
Tools:  Netbeans  IDE,  Dreamweaver,  Sublime  Text,  Xampp  Server,  Wamp  Server, 
PHPStorm. 
 
Operating systems: Windows Operating System, Linux Operating System. 
 
 
Trainings & Certifications: 
 
Web Development Course from Alfa Beta Institute Pvt. Ltd. Birtamode Jhapa Nepal, 2013  

 

 
Language Proficiency: 
 
Nepali & English 
 

 

Project Developed: 
 
Library Management System 
https://github.com/web-aadarsh/LibraryManagement 
 

 

 

