Kamal Thapa Magar  Address:  Kalimati,Tankeshwor 
 
 

Mobile: 
E-mail:  mgrkamal512@gmail.com 

977-9845141427 

 

 

  

 

  

  

 

PERSONAL PROFILE  

  

I am a result oriented person who strongly believes that 
anything can be possible with full dedication and hard work. I 
am a learner who likes to experiment and learn new things and 
technology. I always make sure that I am updated with new 
things and ideas thus allowing me to grow in my career.   
 
 
 
 

 

EDUCATION 

SLC 
Angles’ World Secondary School, Tandi, Chitwan 
2063 Batch 
 

Intermediate in Science 
New Capital College, Tandi, Chitwan 
2066 Passout 
 

Bachelor in Computer Engineering  
Advanced College of Engineering and Management, Kupondole, 
Lalitpur 
2067 Batch 
 
 

 

 

 

ACADEMIC   

ELECTIVES:  

1.  Data Mining  
2.  Big Data  
3.  XML  

  

CORE ENGINEERING SUBJECT:  

1.  Procedure Oriented  Programming  
2.  Object Oriented Programming  
3.  Software Engineering  
4.  Object Oriented Analysis and Design  
5.  Database Management System  
6.  Project Management  

  
  

  

UNIVERSITY PROJECT  

  
MAJOR PROJECT:  
  

“Nepali handwritten word recognition”  
Nepali handwritten word recognition is a desktop application which help 
to detect Nepali handwritten word and print the detected word in screen 
in Nepali text format. It is Artificial Intelligence based project with java 
programming language used.   
  

  Development Environment: Java , NetBeans IDE, MS-paint 
  Role: coding, Research, Analysis, UI design, documentation  

 

 
MINOR PROJECT:  
  
“Online Party Venue Booking System”  
Online party venue booking system is a web based project. In this project 
we develop website for booking party venue direct through internet. It 
gives information about party venue, their facilities and cost.   

  Development Environment : PHP, Sublime Text, WampServer 
  Role:  Concept  Development,  UI  Design,  Database  Design, 

Implementation, Documentation. 

  
  

  
SKILLS  

  

  

  Familiar with main operating systems: Windows, Linux 
  C , C++ 
  HTML, CSS,  JavaScript , jQuery ,   
  MySQL   
  PHP, CodeIgniter framework 
  Java , Spring MVC framework 

  Databases 

  GitHub 

 

EXPERIENCE   

 

Mid-Level Java Developer, May 2016- 2017 

Intech Pvt. Ltd. Kathmandu, Nepal 

Responsibilities: 

  Work in a Spring MVC framework 
  Work in team and collaborate to create complex application. 
  Work under the supervision of senior Java programmer  
  Work under different modules of enterprise level project 
  Study the application market of the product we develop 
  Write complex programs 

 

 

 

Freelancer 

Responsibilities: 

  Work as a full-stack developer for private architect and design 

company 

  Design and develop dynamic web page in PHP CodeIgniter. 
  Work with client and got experience how company works. 

 
 

INTEREST AND HOBBY   

I like playing cricket, watching movies, listening song and drinking tea 
with friend and gossip, updating about new technology and information. 
I like to read books, magazine and newspaper. I like to visit new places 
and make new friends.   

  

REFEREES:    

Er. Dhaneswar Shah  
+977- 9841262942  
Head of Department, Computer and Electronics &Communication  
Advanced College of Engineering and Management, Kupondole, Lalitpur  
  
Er. Anil Verma  
+977-9851027501  
Associate Professor  
Pulchowk Campus IOE, Lalitpur  
 
 
Rajendra Poudel 
+977-9849151380 
Former Senior Software Engineer at Leapfrog Technology Inc. 
 
 
Sanjaya Pandey 
+977-9849152070 
Former Senior Software Engineer at Leapfrog Technology Inc. 

 

 

