Satungal, Thankot, Kathmandu, Nepal | kishorliv@gmail.com | 9843204418, 9841842786 

Kishor Neupane 

 
 

 
August 3rd, 2018 
 
Leapfrog Internship Program 
Leapfrog Technology 
Dillibazar, Kathmandu 
 
Dear Internship Coordinator, 
 
I am writing you regarding the internship role that opened up recently. Please find a copy of my resume 
under this letter for your consideration. I am looking to gain practical experience within this sector and 
feel that this position in your company would help me to demonstrate the abilities I have. 
 
I have been studying Bachelors’ in Computer Engineering and gained some experiences in application 
development and led the team projects. I believe my skills in Computer technology would make me a 
positive addition to your team. 
 
I would appreciate to meet with you to discuss my qualifications for your internship opportunity. I look 
forward to the interview. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
Kishor Neupane  

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Satungal, Thankot  
Kathmandu, Nepal 

OBJECTIVE 

Kishor Neupane 

9843204418 
kishorliv@gmail.com 

To obtain an internship at Leapfrog Technology, utilizing design and application development skills. 

EDUCATION 

Advanced College of Engineering, Kupondole Lalitpur 
B.E. Computer Engineering, expected November 2018 
Result (as of now) – Passed (about 78% agg.) 

RELEVANT COURSEWORK 

  Software engineering 
  Application development 
  Science, Math and Economics 

SKILLS 

 

  Computer Skills – C/C++, Python, Java, Data Science, Web Development 
  Demonstrated experience in leadership through team leader in various projects 
  Multitasking through involvement in sports teams 
  Strong oral and written communication skills 

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE 

CWRD Nepal 
Website Developer 

  Developed a complete website for the organization.  
  Designed most of the contents for the site. 
  Managed most of the IT related activities. 

 

Advanced College of Engineering 
Application Development 

  Developed Classroom Management System application. 

  Developed a basic Stock Market Analysis and Prediction application. 
  Led the team consisting of three members. 

 
Tutor 
Private Tutoring 

  Conducted tutoring sessions for middle-school students in various subjects. 
  Tracked student’s progress and helped with the school grades. 

 

2015 

2017 
 

2016 

HONORS & ACTIVITIES 

  Scholarships in most of the semesters 

  Won intra college application development competition 

 

2016-present 

2015 

