Manish Aryal
Kalankisthan-14
Kathmandu, Nepal
+977-9841610358

aryalmanish007@gmail.com

EDUCATION:

Amar Jyoti Higher Secondary School
Kalankisthan-14, Kathmandu, Nepal
S.L.C.

Viswa Niketan Higher Secondary School
Tripureswor, Kathmandu, Nepal
HSEB

IOE, Pulchowk Campus
Lalitpur, Nepal
Bachelor's in Computer Engineering
Tribhuvan University

SKILLS:

Languages: C/C++, Java, PHP
PHP's MVC Frameworks: (CodeIgniter, Laravel) 
Database: MYSQL
Familiar with: Javascript, JSON, HTML
Sound Experience in: CSS, AJAX, JQuery
Operating System:  Windows, Linux (Ubuntu )

PROJECTS:

Twitter Sentiment Analysis and News Classification (Major Project of Fourth 
/Final Year):
An application for displaying categories of tweets if they are good, bad, or neutral news. 
These tweets are news from twitter account of numbers of verified newspapers. And tweets 
are extracted through special keyword that are input by user. The filtration of training sets 
and extracted data is done through the concept of  Natural Language Processing and the 
classification of news is done through the concept of Machine learning algorithms (Naive 
Bayes and K-Nearest Neighbour).

The application can be run with two ways. It was written in JAVA and normally run through 
command line. On the other way, through the directory of project and command-line's 
command, command-line user interface is done in Web in PHP language. And, the addition 
of CSS to make web-page look good. 

Online Shopping Website (Minor Project of Third Year):
A Fashion store for different varieties of clothing line.
Backend Language: PHP, Database: MySQL
Frontend: CSS, Bootstrap
MVC: CodeIgniter Framework
Collaborative filtering is used for recommendation System.

Car( Computer Graphics Project):
3D manipulation of a Car.
Language: C++, Graphics Library: SDL

KillZombies (Second Year Project of Object Oriented Programming [C++])
Numbers of cards have image of different type and shape of zombies. Image of Zombies are
hidden by backside of their corresponding card. By folding the card, it shows the image of 
its zombie. The game is played by comparing two images of zombies, if they are matched; 
those two cards will be vanished otherwise they remain same. The game is finished after all 
cards are vanished.
Programming Language: C++, External Libary: OpenGL

Calculator (First Year Project on C Programming)
A Windows Utility based Application that performs simple mathematical operation. Input 
numbers are passed by clicking on the button in their digit inside the Windows.  
 Worked on expression parsing in C.

Activities Involvement:

LOCUS-IOE (Technical Festival)
Participated for the project defense at the software-project competition by defending the 
Final-Year Major Project which was around  ~91% completed at that time by pitching to the
visitors how the project runs in Summer of Final Semester.

