PRADIP 
RADIP DEVKOTA 

+977-981916538 
 
Blackgod.dd@gmail.com
d@gmail.com 
www.instagram.com/theverstand
www.instagram.com/theverstand 

 

About me 
My aim is to create better interfaces and experiences for the user, making the web, 
My aim is to create better interfaces and experiences for the user, making the web, 
My aim is to create better interfaces and experiences for the user, making the web,  applications and 
technology  easier  for  the user.  Simplifying  communication  barriers  by  bridging the  gap  between  end
technology  easier  for  the user.  Simplifying  communicati
on  barriers  by  bridging the  gap  between  end-
users, designers and developers.  
 
I am able to work effectively in a team. I have demonstrated an ability to lead small Teams and mentor 
I am able to work effectively in a team
. I have demonstrated an ability to lead small Teams and mentor 
other workers. I pride myself on being able to use my knowledg
other workers. I pride myself on being able to use my knowledge and initiative to deliver high quality 
e and initiative to deliver high quality 
results to tight deadlines. I enjoy a challenge and look for the opportunity to expand and develop my 
results to tight deadlines. I enjoy a challenge and look for the opportunity to expand and develop my 
results to tight deadlines. I enjoy a challenge and look for the opportunity to expand and develop my 
skill set. 
 
Projects 
 
Scoreh                                                                           
                                                                            
Description 
It is an easy to use web application to create, design, assign and analyze online assessments. 
It is an easy to use web application to create, design, assign and analyze online assessments. 
It is an easy to use web application to create, design, assign and analyze online assessments. Creating a 
test is just a click of button away. When you click on create test, system will create a predefined test 
test is just a click of button away. Whe
system will create a predefined test 
based on standard test settings. But If you n
based on standard test settings. But If you need to customize then everything is simple and is effective 
eed to customize then everything is simple and is effective 
right away. 
 
When you finish adding all questions to your test, you can start inviting candidates right away. You can 
When you finish adding all questions to your test, you can start inviting candidates right away. You can 
When you finish adding all questions to your test, you can start inviting candidates right away. You can 
access it right away but if 
either make your exam public or private. If the exam is public then 
either make your exam public or private. If the exam is public then users can access it right away but 
it’s private then the system will just email your candidates from 

will just email your candidates from the system. 

                 July 2018

July 2018 – Present 

         

 
My responsibility 

required design assets.  
 

Involved in designing the overall UI

 
  Created the wireframe for the whole platform.
wireframe for the whole platform.  
  Designed the overall branding of the whole website including the logo, color themes and other 
overall branding of the whole website including the logo, color themes and other 
overall branding of the whole website including the logo, color themes and other 

overall UI of the whole platform.  

Technology stacks 

  Adobe Illustrator 
  Adobe Photoshop 
  Adobe In design 
  Balsamiq 

 
 

Links 
https://scoreh.com/ 
 
 
Icon Packs                                                                                          
Description 
In the course of nearly one and half year I was involved in designing various icons packs for android. The 
combined total downloads of those entire icon packs is nearly one million in google play store.  
 
Most of the icon packs we’ve designed are Paid and some of them are for free. I was also involved in 
designing  the  compatible  wallpapers  for  each  icon  packs.  Most  of  the  wallpapers  I’ve  designed  were 
based on the minimalist design approach. 
 
My responsibility 

   Dec 2016 – Jan 2018 

  Come up with a concept for a particular pack.  
  Designed the texture, backgrounds and other design assets for each icon. 
  Designing the minimal wallpapers for each app included in our icon packs.  

 
Technology stacks 

  Adobe Illustrator 
  Adobe Photoshop 

 
 

Links 

  https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=8552302957435904913 
  https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=5197566715645153751 

 
 
 
Education 
Amarsingh Higher Secondary School 
+2 in Science 
 
Western Regional Campus 
Bachelors in Computer Engineering 
 
 
 
Skills 

 

 

 

  Adobe Illustrator 
  UI Design 
  Vector Design 
  Adobe Photoshop 

 

 

         

         

 

 

   June 2009 – Apr 2011 

   Nov 2012 – Present 

  Logo Design 
  Branding 

References 
 
Websites : 
www.scoreh.com 
 
Social Media : 
www.instagram.com/theverstand 
 
 
 

