Prerana Bajracharya 
E-mail: bajracharya2prerana@gmail.com 
Contact: 9843215200 

Career Objective 

To congregate and foster my technical skills and develop strategic approach within an organization 
that  can  offer  me  a  challenging  opportunity  to  excel  in  a  given  task  through  hardwork  and 
dedication. 
  

Academia 

  Bachelor's  in  Engineering  (Computer),  Advanced  College  of  Engineering  and  Management 

(ACEM) (ongoing; 4th year) with 75.52% (in average till 7th semester). 

  +2 (Science), St.Xavier's College, Maitighar, 2070 B.S. with 75.4%. 
  School Leaving Certificate, Holy Vision Higher Secondary School, 2068 B.S. with 84%. 

 

Computer Skills 

Languages: C#, Java, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery, C++, C, Python, R, AJAX. 
Frameworks  and Tools: ASP.net  (MVC), Visual  Studio,  PyCharm,  IntelliJ, AndroidStudio, Git, 

Ms. Word, Ms. Excel, Ms. PowerPoint, Adobe Photoshop. 

 

Projects 

Major  Project:  YatraNepal  (2018):  An  application  to  track  buses  by  GPS  through  GSM  with 
recommender  system  and  chatbot  (ongoing)  in  Asp.Net  and  Android.  Web  application  was 
developed  in  Asp.Net  MVC  along  with  API  for  interacting  android  application  with  web 
application. Python was used to web scrape, prepare and clean data for recommender system. 
Database was developed in MSSQL. The website has also been published and hosted. 

Minor Project: FitnessGuru (2017): A Web Application to count calorie and calculate amount of 
calorie  to  intake  to  reach  goal  weight  and  records  the  daily  calorie  intake  in  ASP.net  MVC. 
Also records the micronutrient intake by the user and view them in pie chart. 

 

Trainings 

  Android Development Training (ongoing) 
  Java Programming (June-September 2017) 
  Asp.net Training (January-March 2017) 

 

Activities and Awards 

 Hackathon, KU IT MEET 2018 
 Yomari Code Camp 2018, KU IT MEET 2018 
 Asp.net online course on June 27, 2017. Certificate Url: ude.my/UC-5YLZJXNC 
 Member of PACE- Project Association for Computer and Electronics, ACEM in 2017. 
 Volunteer and participation in TechBihani, ACEM in 2016 and 2014. 

 Futsal Tournament in 2015 (Second Prize) and 2014 (First Prize). 
 Participation in AVR workshop. 
 Volunteer in SXC MELA in 2014. 
 Volunteer and participation in SET Exhibition, St. Xavier College in 2014. 
 School Captain for 2 years. 
 Art Competition by Women's Federation for World Peace in 2007.  

 

Personal Skills 

 Good presentation skills. 
 Able to grasp new ideas, concepts and methods. 
 Very flexible and adaptable.  
 Ready to work at any place in any given environment depending on need. 

 

Personal Information 

Date of Birth: 28th February, 1996  
Address: Naradevi, Kathmandu 
Languages known: English, Nepali and Newari 

 

Prof. Dr. Subarna Shakya 

Reference 

Professor  of  Computer  Engineering, Department  of  Electronics  and  Computer  Engineering, 
Central Campus, Institute of Engineering, Pulchowk, Tribhuvan University 

Coordinator (IOE) , LEADER  Project  (Links  in  Europe  and  Asia  for  engineering,  eDucation, 
Enterprise and Research exchanges), ERASMUS MUNDUS.  

Member of National Information Technology Advisory   Committee, Government of Nepal 

Member, Board of Studies (BOS), South Asian University, www.sau.int, New Delhi, India . 

Member, Academic Council, Purbanchel University, Nepal 

Chairman, Computer Engineering Subject committee, Ministry of Education  National 
Curriculum Development Center, Sanothimi, Bhaktapur. 

  Phone No.: 9851032303 

