Ragen Maharjan 

Location: Kirtipur, Kathmandu 

Mobile No.: +977 9808086299 

Email: ragenmah99@gmail.com 

 

OBJECTIVES: 

Self-motivated student with the ability to create new ideas to foster the goals of the company. 
Looking to gain an internship position to utilize my abilities and skills in ensuring efficiency. 

Some Personal Details: 

Date of birth   : 8th November, 1994 

Gender            : Male 

Strength          : Confident, Energetic, Creative, Punctual and Dedicate 

Nationality      : Nepali 

Marital Status  : Single 

Interested Working Areas: 

Web developer and Mobile Application development 

Some Working Experiences: 

I have been doing 2 months internship in Midas Technologies currently in Web development 
using CodeIgniter Framework and helped in minor projects. Within 2 months I have gain some 
valuable experiences like talking with the clients ,dealing with them and completing the works or 
tasks that the manager have provided. 

Technical Skills: 

  Programming Language: Core JAVA , C , C++ or OOP, MySQL Query, MATLAB , 

C#, Dot Net ,JAVA for ANDROID (NDK) and PYTHON (basic) 

  Web Languages: PHP , JAVASCRIPT, HTML and CSS 
  Frameworks known: Laravel  and CodeIgniter Framework , React Native (basic) 

 
 

 

 

College Projects: 

  Pits fall Skipper ML Agents, SEM VIII- The project is about the Object(Agent) that will learn 

to jump when it found the Pits. This project was made on Unity and trained the agent by using PPO 
algorithm. The object follows Reinforcement Learning technique. 

  MedScan, SEM VII- The project is about Scanning the Medicine name and display its some 

details like Dosage, Side effect, Usage. For this we have develop OCR scanner using android studio and 
by using this OCR scanner we can be able to scan the medicine name. We have got about 68.33% success 
rate in scanning. 

  Futsal Reservation System, SEM V- The project is a web based application which aims to 

provide online reservation service of futsal company. Some of the features are Online Booking ,Online 
members registration, Tie sheet generation. 

  Learn To Type, SEM III- Learn to type  is a typing TUTORIAL program. It assists user to learn 

and enhance their typing skill. This program is developed under C/C++ language. 

Personal Projects: 

  Fruit and Vegetable Management System,2016- This project I have develop was to 

manage the fruits and vegetables that we got from the different vendors and also people can buy 
those fruits and vegetables. The project can be useful in small market that they can store all 
details about their products, customers and vendors 

  Hang Man,2015- The project is about the making the players to guess the letters to complete 

the word and if they guess wrong they will get penalty as hanging the man, So the player have to 
make right guess to Win. The project was developed in C#.net. 

  Simple Piano,2015- The project about playing the piano. The user have press the buttons to 

play the piano. It is simple project in android. 

  Created some dynamic web-pages and Android applications recently 

Educations and Qualifications: 

  B.E. Computer Engineering (2014-2018) from Khwopa Engineering college, Bhaktapur 
  Passed 10+2 Science (2012-2014) from D.A.V. Sushil Kedia Vishwa Bharati H.S. 

School, Lalitpur 

  Passed SLC (2012) from Ujjwal Shishu Niketan Academy,Kirtipur 

Event Participation and certification:  

1. 3rd Nepali Samaj National Level Programming Contest- 25th January 2018 - 26th January 
2018, Came in top 20 

Trainings Attended: Java Training,(6th Aug 2017- 21st Sep 2017-45 Hours) 

