RUPESH DAHAL 

Kappan, Kathmandu, Nepal 

9868747997 

Rdahal35@gmail.com 

D.O.B.    08/9/1994 

 

 

 

OBJECTIVE 

To obtain position in leading software company where I can apply my knowledge, 

expertise and skills acquired in order to contribute towards organizations growth and goals, as 
well as attaining my professional goal.    

 

 

 

 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION: 

 

 
 
Degree/Board 

Bsc in Computer 
Science 

Institution & Address 

year 

Kathmandu University, Dhulikhel,Kavre  2012-2016 

+2 in Science 

Kathmandu Model College 

2010-2012 

School Leaving 
Certificate 

Tulsi Higher Secondary School 

2009-2010 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PROJECTS ACCOMPLISHED: 

  Development of Web Browser named ‘Pyramid’ in Visual Basic Studio.   The main 

feature of this web browser is the music player that we have included in the browser. 

 

  Development of website named ‘Gegri’ with html and css where we can share music, 
documents, photos, ect.  We can both upload and download those files shared in the 
website. 
 

  Research in Automatic Temperature management system. We did research on the 

diversity and feasibility of the system in Nepal and created a program to show graph in 
real time. We used Matplotlib module of python for live graph. 
 

  Development of Android Application  named “Attendance”.  As the name says it is a 

application for taking attendance of students, we can register total students, take 
attendance and the data will be saved in the device. 

 

  Web Form Design and Verification with Java script for gathering the information about 

students studying in Kathmandu University.  

 

  SLR Parsing  Algorithm using C Programming Language 

 

  A car game in Object Oriented Programming(C++) 

 

  Community project in Charikot, Dolakha for a week. We went to different schools and 

college and collected the information about their knowledge on computers. We also 
conducted awareness program in schools giving them reason to pursue their career in 
computer science.   

 

 

 

PROGRAMMING PROFICIENCY : 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  MYSQL 
  Python 

-Pygames 
-Matplotlib 
-Pandas 
-Pyglet 

  TORA 
  Mat Lab 
  C/C++ 
  HTML/CSS 

 

 

 

COURSE CONCEPT: 

  Compiler Design 
  Algorithm and Complexity 
  System Analysis and Design 
  Object oriented Analysis and Design 
  Cloud Computing 
  Database 
  Operating System 
  Automata 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE: 

  Kathmandu University IT Meet 2014 - Volunteer: 

Kathmandu University organizes IT meet every year. It is a 3 days program where 
we conducted various competitions like Hackathone, Gaming, exhibition, and 
many more.  

 

  Kathmandu University IT Meet 2016 -  Organizer, HR manager: 

As a final year student we got chance to organize IT Meet and my  contribution 

 
was HR manager. 
 

  Kumari Bank Limited, Putalisadak, Kathmandu-  Intern: 

Worked at Kumari Bank Ltd as an IT intern for three month period from May 
2016 to August 2016 . Training of banking system and database, customer 
service, Internet banking etc was some of primary work in the institution.  

 

  Gadgetbyte Nepal, Dillibazar, Kathmandu: 

Worked at Gagetbyte Nepal from September 2016 to August 2017 . Where I 
worked as a front hand designer  and also  had to do research on new 
technology and new devices that are available on market and prepare a report 
on that research. 
 

 

STRENGTH: 

  Zeal to learn and fast learning 
  Good operational and programming skill 
  Good team player 
  Hard working 
  Positive attitude  

 

RFERENCE: 

  Pankaj Dawadi,Lecturer, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Kathmandu 

University, pdawadi@ku.edu.np 

Date: 5th July 2017 

