 

 

 

                         

SAMRIDHI JHA 

Kathmandu, Nepal 
Mobile: +977-9843677028 
Email Address: samridhijha@gmail.com  

 

Personal Details: 

Samridhi Jha 
Female 
28 August 1991 
Kathmandu, Nepal 
Nepali 
Hindu 
Kathmandu Residency, Bagdole, Lalitpur 
Traveling, Music, Reading Books, Sports 

 
Name:   
Gender:  
 
Date of Birth:   
Birth Place: 
 
 
Nationality: 
 
Religion: 
Address:  
 
Interests: 
 
Languages:                       Fluent in Maithili (Mother Tongue), Nepali, English, Hindi 
 
Work Experience 

AMNepal, Kathmandu, Nepal 

Role: Senior Web Developer (June 2016-Present) 

In this role, I am responsible for working with designer and customizing themes. We directly have meetings 
with Office Team (both Nepal and Australian through skype) and work according to the requirements of 
clients. Other duties and responsibilities include:  

  Theme customization in WordPress. 
  Plugin development for WordPress. 

 

EbPearls Pvt. Ltd., Kupondole, Kathmandu, Nepal 

Role: PHP Developer (December 2013 – June 2016) 

In this role, I am responsible for working with designers, Front end and project management staff to meet 
requirements for the functional elements of website projects. Leading specific projects and coordinating 
with clients & office team to ensure work carried out meets standards, guidelines and clients’ expectation 
are also my prime job responsibilities. Other duties and responsibilities include:  

●  Building PHP websites using PHP based frameworks. 

●  Develop  competitive  web  applications  as  per  clients’  requirement  using  open  source  CMS 

applications such as WordPress & Drupal. 

●  Develop plugins in WordPress & Drupal as per the requirement of clients. 

●  Coordinate  with  clients  and  resolve  issues  related  to  jQuery,  Ajax,  javascript  and  browser 

compatibility. 

●  Prepare and maintain database using mysql.  

● 

Interpret and evaluate business and client needs to determine risks along with design apt solutions.  

●  Plan, communicate and monitor tasks progress; evaluate, suggest and resolve technical and process 

issues.  

●  Use NetBeans, Sublime Text and Notepad++ for web development; use Mantis & Zoho tools 

for project management.  

Academic Qualification: 

Degree 

Bachelor 
in  Computer 
Science  &  Information 
Technology (BSc. CSIT) 

Year 
passed 

2013 

Higher 
Education in Science 

Secondary 

2009 

Leaving 

2007 

School 
Certificate 
 

 

Key Projects Handled: 

College/School 

Board/University 

Grade 

Kathford International 
College of Engineering 
and Management 

National School of 
Sciences (NIST) 

Laboratory Higher 
Secondary School 

Tribhuwan University 

Distinction 

Higher Secondary 
Education Board 

Nepal Board 

First Division 

First Division 

1.  Eglise Catholique Romaine–Genève   

URL: http://ecr-ge.ch/  

Technology used: WordPress, jQuery, Ajax  

Team: Consisting of 4 members including a Developer, a Designer and a Quality Analyst (QA) and 
Project Manager.  

Features included in this project are as follow:  

 

In order to reduce the server load, in activity listing page we have implemented Infinite Scroll with 
Lazy loading so that we could achieve easy UI at the same time reduce server load.  

  Also  another  interesting  feature  that  I  have  implemented  in  this  site  is  to  generate  sub-site 

dynamically for churches which can be managed through sub-site admin panel.  

  Other feature that is included in this site is an Event Filter mechanism where events are filtered on 
the basis of time (year/month/day) by considering recurring and non-recurring and further recurring 
as weekly and monthly and non-recurring as daily.  

  Also as an email management tool, I have implemented Mail Chimp in this site as well.   

 

2.  Emile Garcin – Properties  

URL: http://www.emilegarcin.ch/  

Technology used: WordPress, JQuery, WPML plugin  

Team: Consisting of 4 members including a Developer, a Designer and a Quality Analyst (QA) and 
Project Manager.  

In this site I have implemented mega menu with the use of walker class. Some other feature in this 
site in which I have worked are as follows:  

  A Multilanguage feature is implemented in this site using WPML plugin.  
  Other feature that is included in this site is Multi-layer Filtration of ventes i.e. properties. Properties 

are filtered on the basis of keyword, property id and city and price.   
 

3.  World Trade Center – Geneva  
URL: http://www.wtc-geneva.ch/  

Technology used: WordPress, WPML plugin. Google Yoast  

Team: Consisting of 4 members including a Developer, a Designer and a Quality Analyst (QA) and 
Project Manager.  

Features included in this project are as follow:  

  A Multilanguage feature is implemented in this site using WPML plugin.  
  For SEO optimization I have used Google Yoast and also site is optimized with the use of W3total 

cache.  
 

4.  The cook, his wife and her shoes  
URL: http://cook-wife-shoes.com/  

Technology used: WordPress, woo-commerce, jQuery, Ajax  

Team: Consisting of 4 members including a Developer, a Designer and a Quality Analyst (QA) and 
Project Manager.  

Features included in this project are as follows:  

  One of the feature I have implemented in this site is retrieving Instagram Feeds using Instagram 

API on the home page.  

  This is in an ecommerce site in which I have added some features including new arrival section.   

 
 
 
 
 

Skills: 

●  Proficient in Scripting Languages as JQuery, Ajax; web services as SOAP, REST; programming 

languages as Object Oriented PHP, C, C++, Java, .NET; markup languages as HTML, XML. 

●  Team player, hardworking, proactive and confident.  

 

LinkedIn Profile: 

www.linkedin.com/in/samridhijha 

I, hereby declare the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and I understand that any 
false claim would lead to disqualification or legal actions. 

Samridhi Jha 

Kathmandu, Nepal 

 +9779843677028 

 

