Shashwot Risal
Computer Engineer
Hard-working student with proven leadership and minute attention to details. Growing in learning as an
individual in return assisting and helping the company where I shall be working. Looking for a career which
demands the best of my ability in terms of, technical and analytical skills. Correlate my theoretical
knowledge with practical knowledge and broadening and enhancing my current skills and knowledge.

shashwot@gmail.com

+9779841756828, +97714410069

Gandhari Margh, Maharajgunj, Kathmandu, Nepal

29 June, 1995

linkedin.com/in/shashwot-risal

facebook.com/shashwotrisal

EDUCATION
Bachelors in Computer Engineering
Kathmandu Engineering College (KEC)
2018

SKILLS

Cisco Certiﬁed Network Associate (CCNA)

First Division

Basic And Advance Java

C Programming

High School
GEMS Institute of Higher Education (GIHE)
2013

First Division

SLC
Graded English Medium School (GEMS)
2011

First Division With Distinction

PERSONAL PROJECTS
Minor Project

LetsChat is an online chatting forum that can be used as a common
forum between known people. This lets the users stay safe and
anonymous among the people they choose to converse with. This
arises the question for real identity of the user that makes the chat
interesting and keeps it going. So, it can be used for both public and
private chat. File sharing feature that was implemented in the
application can be used to share ﬁles.

Major Project

Face Detection and Recognition is a system to identify a criminal using
facial recognition in public spaces. It is a software that uses Local
Binary Pattern approach for face recognition and MySQL database for
generating the evaluation. Local Binary Pattern is combined with
histogram to improve the detection performance. Algorithm was
trained with the facial images of criminals we want to recognize. The
algorithm will use this information to recognize an input image and
give an output.

C++ Programming

Arduino Programming Language

Microprocessor Assembly Language

Microsoft Oﬃce

Packages: MATLAB, Cisco Packet Tracer, GNS3, NetBeans

Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Windows Server

SUBJECT SKILLS
Computer Network

Internet And Intranet

Information System

Digital Signal Analysis And Processing

Data Communication

SOFT SKILLS
Adaptability, Creativity, Leadership, Communication,
Strong work ethics, Critical thinking , Self-conﬁdence

INTERESTS
Football, Cricket, Extra Curriculum Activities,
Photography, Bodybuilding, Travelling

