SUMAN MAHARJAN
Nardevi-18,Kathmandu,Nepal

(+977) 9841752309 sumaniosdv@gmail.com

A self-determined and enthusiastic computer engineer with experience in web 
development and design. A gamer turned developer looking for nodeJS/Javascript 

internship or Android application development.

SKILLS    

EDUCATION

⦁  ⦁  Data Structures
⦁  ⦁  Software Development Lifecycle
⦁  ⦁  Debugging and troubleshooting
⦁  ⦁  Attention to details
⦁  ⦁  Quick learner
⦁  ⦁  Ability to work individually as
             well as in team
⦁ 
⦁ 

IOS development

⦁  C/C++
⦁ 
Java
⦁  MySQL
⦁  HTML
⦁  Android Development
⦁ 
⦁  Database Design, SQL
⦁  Windows
BACHELORS IN  COMPUTER ENGINEERING
KATHMANDU ENGINEERING COLLEGE , KALIMATI ,KATHMANDU
2013 –2017
+2 ( Higher Secondary Education Board )
Trinity International College, Kathmandu, Nepal
2011 –2013
School Leaving Certificate (SLC)
Adarsha Vidhya Mandir, Manbhawan,Lalitpur
2011

1

PROJECTS

Gpnepal.com (developer) 
Responsible for developing and maintaining the sit |August 2016-Present
Developed website that serves as a platform for all the gamers to show off their skills and 
stories. The site also covers all the clan matches happening in Nepal, along with all the 
gaming events and international news with association with the top gaming zones of 
Nepal. It also incorporates the first clan ranking system of Nepal.
Technologies used:T Technologies used:wordpress
Sambad (Backend developer/UI developer)
Created UI for login interface, and php scripting|November 2015-Present
Developed chat application. It enables users to chat with those who are online in the 
server. It consists of an authentication screen which after success leads to the text chat 
environment, which can further switch user to go audio or video mode.
Technologies used:Android studio, java, php, MySQL database
Smartphone controlled wifi robot
Designed and built the robot|July 2015–October 2015
A simple controller section was created in the android applicatoin and a simple 
authentication to access the controller.
Technologies used:Arduino , MySQL
Weather application
A simple weather application that provides the weather data. The app is fully based on 
the Forecast API provided by Dark Sky.
Technologies used: Android Studio,Java

ACHIEVEMENTS Won dozens of dota 2 tournaments and secured 4th in ESL India Masters.

2

