Suraj Shrestha 

Tokha | 9861492928 suraj.stha9849@gmail.com 

 

Objective: 

To work as a trainee, develop skill and help in growth of organization. 

 

Education: 

2013-2017  Computer  Engineering 

,  Advanced  College  of  Engineering  and 

Management, Kupondole 

2010-2011 Higher Secondary, Siddhartha Banasthali Campus, Banasthali, Kathmandu 

2009 High School, Amar English Ma Vi, Tokha 

Programming Languages: 

Major 

Python, MySql, C ,C++ 

Basic 

Java, Android Studio, wordpress, php 

 

College Projects: 

1. Automated  Attendance  System  Using  Image  Processing,  semester  VII  and  VIII- 

This  project  focuses  on  making  attendance  system  automatic.  At  first  we  create 

data-set and then images are combined in numpy array. CC camera detects the faces 

and  compares  with  the  data-set.  Then  attendance  of  the  present  students  are  done 

automatically.  We  have  also  updated  this  system  to  make  security  system  which 

captures the clip(with time and date) of intruder and starts alarm.  

 

 

 

 

Programming language: Python 

Platform: Ubuntu Linux 

 

2. Smart  Traffic  Checking  System,  semester  VI-  This  project’s  main  target  is  to 

upgrade the tradition Traffic checking system. Using this android application, Traffic 

police can access all the details of the vehicle(including tax payment status) and driver. 

Then he/she can mark the fine in database without any physical bills. The person who 

is fined can use website to check amount to be paid, reason for fine and deadline for 

paying and can also check details about vehicles tax. 

Bike lost/found status increases chances of finding lost bike. 

Programming language:Java(android studio), php(for website) 

Platform: Android 

 

Courses Attended 

1.  Java ,Advanced College of Engineering and Management, Kupondole(package 1) 

2.  Python ,Advanced College of Engineering and Management, Kupondole 

(Package 2) 

3.  Android  studio 

,Advanced  College  of  Engineering  and  Management, 

Kupondole(Package 3) 

 

