 
SURAJ ACHARYA 
Campus Road-03, Taulihawa, Kapilvastu, Province 05, Lumbini, 
Nepal 32800, +977- 9847062022, suraj.acharya62@gmail.com 

 
 
    
   Professional Summary 

 
 
 

 

 

Enthusiastic and dedicated software  development individual with 1.5 years of experience 
of software development lifecycle, thorough understanding of industry trends and seeking 
a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the field of Information Technology sector in 
your  esteemed  organization  that  offers  professional  growth  while  being  resourceful, 
innovative and flexible. 

Work Experiences 

Web  Developer  |  Firehub  Pvt.  Ltd.  Kathamand-33,  Maitidevi,  Nepal. 

28 February 2013 to 17 April 2014 

  Worked with senior web developer to create desktop and web based 
applications  using  core  java,  #.Net,  basics  of  Servlet  and  JSP,  and 
ensuring each implement meets the brief. 

  Developed  the  tables,  stored  procedures  and  its  relationships, 
maintaining  the  integrity  of  tables  using  SQL  query  using  MS  SQL 
Server 2008 and verify with team members. 

  Played  a  key  role  in  the  designing  lifecycle,  from  brief  through  design,  modules  and 

release/implementation. 

  Developed the modules and coordinate with the team sharing the inputs. 
  Updated,  monitored,  enhanced  and  altered  the  existing  systems  and  applications  after 
performing  troubleshooting  measures  to  determine  the  issues  as  well  as  reviewed  any 
changed  code  for  quality,  adherence  to  standards,  and  potential  performance  effects  on 
compatible systems. 

 

Jr.  Software  Engineer  |  IN  TIME  TEC Visionsoft  Pvt.  Ltd.| Bangalore,  Karnataka, 

India. 3 July 2017 to 22 November 2017 

  Worked  in  'Salesforce  Technology'  where  I  was  assigned  to  develop  essential  chunk  of 
program based on  American client (Balsam Brand Hills-which sells the Christmas tree all 
over  the  USA,  Germany,  Australia,  France,  Philippines  etc.)  requirement  using  apex 
programming  in  a  team  under  the  lead  programmer  and  manager  in  their  huge  project. 
Moreover, I also had to manage and synchronize the data making the persistence of data in 
each developer sandbox before launching to the main project. 

  Collaborated with team to plan, develop and implement the project. 
  Acknowledged the customer issues and resolved their problems quickly and efficiently. 
  Effectively  communicated  with  other  employees  and  upper  management  to  ensure 

complete care of customers. 

 
Technical Skills 

Programming Language: C, Core Java, basics of Servlet and JSP, HTML & 

CSS, and basics of Salesforce Technology. 

 Back-end: MS SQLSERVER 2008 

Learning Tableau from Udemy.com online learning platform. 

 

 
 

Board/ 
Universit
y 
VTU University, 
Belgam, 
Karnataka, India 

MCRPSV 
University, 
Bhopal, India 

HSEB  
Board, Nepal 

Government of 
Nepal 

Year 
Passing 

of 

Aggregate 
(%) 

2017 

75.49% 

2012 

67.18% 

2009 

54.30% 

2007 

65.75% 

  Educational Qualification 
 
 

Course 

Institution 

New Horizon 
College of 
Engineering, 
Bangalore, India 

Lord Buddha 
Education 
Foundation, 
Nepal 

Universal 
College, 
Nepal 
Buddha Jyoti 
Higher 
Secondary 
School, Nepal 

MCA 

BCA 

+2 

SLC 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Seminars, Workshops and Trainings 

Attended  the  technical  seminar  “Information  and  Cyber  Security  Education  and  Awareness” 
held on 23rd April 2016. 

 

Completed the Infosys Technologies Software Company Foundation Program in C, RDBMS 
and Software Engineering. 

Java training from Deerwalk Institute of Technology, Siphal, Kathmandu, Nepal. 

 

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) training from AITE, Kamladi, Kathmandu, Nepal 
Microsoft certified in programming in HTML5 with Javascript and CSS3. 

 

College Projects 

1: 
 Title: Book Store management System 

Aim  of  Project:  To  record  books,  daily  sales  record  and  generate  the  reports.  Team 

size: Single 

Front end and Back end: C#.NET and MS SERVER 2008 
 
2: 

Title: MedicareSolution 

Aim  of  Project:  To 
management, daily sales record, generate bills and generates reports. 

record  medicine 

details, 

purchased 

records, 

stock 

Team size: Single 

Front end and Back end: Java Form (Netbeans IDE) and MS SQL Server 2008 

3: 

Title: MyEasyRide  

Aim of Project: It is a car pooling web based application which is used to travel from one 
place  to  another  with  ease  by  booking  on  advance.  It  sets  the  location  and  updates  the 
location for tracking the person who uses their own car for other commuter when done the 
booking on the same route. 

Team size: Single 

Front end and Back end: Java Core, JSP, HTML, CSS and MS SQL Server 2008 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

Strengths 

 

 
 
 

 

 

Independent,  Energetic,  Self-Learner  and  Self  motivates  and,  capable  of  working 
independently as well as being part of team and cooperative. 

Extra Co-curricular Activities 

Played as team member of football game in school as well as in college in District level and 
intercollege tournament. 
Played as team member of Cricket game in school as well as in college in District level and 
Intercollege tournament. 

Played as single team of Table tennis game in interschool tournament. 

Interest 

Playing guitar, reading novel books, travelling, swimming etc. 

